testnet/crossfi/testnet-guide.md, before:

# Testnet Guide

Go to [https://testpad.xfi.foundation/](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/)

Sign Up using Metamask

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0d/7a/0d7a44d4-39c7-403c-bced-3fecd70931af.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Claim 100 MPX (Every 24 hours you can claim). To claim MPX you need to login via Telegram.

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/8c/1b/8c1b896e-372e-4629-99ed-36fcc4a86472.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go to [https://test.xficonsole.com/](https://test.xficonsole.com/)

Log in using seed phrase from the wallet you were using before

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0d/f2/0df2f975-b7d3-41a6-bd00-c1ae750fe008.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send tokens to any address in Cosmos. If you dont want to look for a wallet where to send, you can send to me: `mx1zlxdl376qfele4hgncdyd6y7a8du9wqqak47k3`

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/2d/91/2d915842-6d07-40aa-9c04-a828fe29f40e.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Open Operations History tab and copy Transaction Hash

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0e/21/0e215dac-316d-462c-8c5e-2f72d62c48bc.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go back to Testpad - [Link](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/earn-xft)

Press Check and paste transaction Hash

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/9d/75/9d753867-0306-49ea-b44b-f8e19533da94.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Next, go back to the console and do the same for EVM. A wallet to which you can always send tokens:\
`0x17CCDfc7Da0273fcd6e89E1a46E89EE9DbC2B800`

Then we open the transaction history again, copy the Hash and paste it into testpad for verification

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/a9/f7/a9f7a814-0de2-46dd-a10b-08241caace23.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Now we are performing a multi send 1 task

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/63/38/63389ec4-0470-4d7f-a47f-4a94b57079dd.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Enter the wallets, the amount and send it.\
`mx1zlxdl376qfele4hgncdyd6y7a8du9wqqak47k3`

`mx14ys8msj28zl20ng3k0yqq04phfrc9hyssyazen`

Copy the hash of the transaction and send it for verification

Next, Multisend 2 task

We do everything the same as in multisend 1, but select different coins.

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/c8/91/c891844c-9e1d-40fb-935c-fa04c102c587.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send, copy the hash and check it.

Now the most important part is to delegate tokens to the validator

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/5b/fa/5bfaa265-d480-410a-8907-2ced8648a83b.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

In the console, go to the Staking tab

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/c8/cd/c8cd43f0-0eec-46b6-9a33-a044ae7e6b3f.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Press Bond

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/76/42/7642bf0a-0163-4af0-98e0-706b39144a8e.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

We are looking for "BonyNode[💚](https://bonynode.online/)" in the list of validators

We enter the number of tokens that we will send to the Stake and confirm.

It is advisable to delegate every day so that your tokens do not lie idle

Copy the Hash of the transaction and send it for verification.

And the last task is Send Foundation token (XFT)\
Importing the token into metamask\
Contract address: `0xdb5c548684221ce2f55f16456ec5cf43a028d8e9`

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/b7/d7/b7d7f9c3-af45-4b30-bbd9-6f430d06e904.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send tokens to any address\
My wallet: `0x17CCDfc7Da0273fcd6e89E1a46E89EE9DbC2B800`

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/d1/18/d118dcda-12b4-4204-9c0d-fe0f4ff086e0.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go to the transaction history and copy the hash of the transaction

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/d4/a6/d4a6f709-e110-426c-bec0-a3980dae9315.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/38/45/3845fa3d-d5e7-4bab-9b19-72bdbfcb1ab0.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send it for verification. Ready!

Commit message:

GITBOOK-92: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

testnet/crossfi/testnet-guide.md, after:

# Testnet Guide

Reward Pool[​](https://services.anatolianteam.com/docs/Testnet/Cosmos-Ecosystem/crossfi/user-guide#reward-pool)

$2 Million in MPX coins, which is 1.16% (100,000,000 MPX) of the total MPX coin supply.

### Things to Do in User Panel[​](https://services.anatolianteam.com/docs/Testnet/Cosmos-Ecosystem/crossfi/user-guide#things-to-do-in-user-panel) <a href="#things-to-do-in-user-panel" id="things-to-do-in-user-panel"></a>

1. Create fresh EVM wallet.
2. Got to [user panel](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/) and Sign Up to dashboard.
3. Request tokens by connecting your telegram to Faucet.
4. Go to [XFI Console](https://test.xficonsole.com/) and complete the tasks on the [Earn XFT page](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/earn-xft).

### Things to Do in XFI Console Panel[​](https://services.anatolianteam.com/docs/Testnet/Cosmos-Ecosystem/crossfi/user-guide#things-to-do-in-xfi-console-panel) <a href="#things-to-do-in-xfi-console-panel" id="things-to-do-in-xfi-console-panel"></a>

1. Go to [XFI Console](https://test.xficonsole.com/)
2. Send MPX or XFI to the Cosmos part of the console to another Cosmos wallet address
3. Send XFI to the EVM part of the console to another EVM wallet address
4. Send MPX and/or XFI to different two addresses in one transaction
5. Send XFI and MPX to different two addresses in one transaction
6. Send Foundation token (XFT) with your wallet. Add XFI token contract (`0xDb5C548684221Ce2f55F16456Ec5Cf43a028D8e9`) to your wallet and send another wallet.
7. Delegate MPX to `Anatolian Team` validator
8. Then go to user panel and confirm you transactions.

### Transaction Control Page[​](https://services.anatolianteam.com/docs/Testnet/Cosmos-Ecosystem/crossfi/user-guide#transaction-control-page) <a href="#transaction-control-page" id="transaction-control-page"></a>

You can check [transactions page](https://test.xfiscan.com/txs). You can find yourself a wallet address to perform tasks.\
Go to [https://testpad.xfi.foundation/](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/)

Sign Up using Metamask

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0d/7a/0d7a44d4-39c7-403c-bced-3fecd70931af.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Claim 100 MPX (Every 24 hours you can claim). To claim MPX you need to login via Telegram.

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/8c/1b/8c1b896e-372e-4629-99ed-36fcc4a86472.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go to [https://test.xficonsole.com/](https://test.xficonsole.com/)

Log in using seed phrase from the wallet you were using before

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0d/f2/0df2f975-b7d3-41a6-bd00-c1ae750fe008.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send tokens to any address in Cosmos. If you dont want to look for a wallet where to send, you can send to me: `mx1zlxdl376qfele4hgncdyd6y7a8du9wqqak47k3`

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/2d/91/2d915842-6d07-40aa-9c04-a828fe29f40e.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Open Operations History tab and copy Transaction Hash

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/0e/21/0e215dac-316d-462c-8c5e-2f72d62c48bc.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go back to Testpad - [Link](https://testpad.xfi.foundation/earn-xft)

Press Check and paste transaction Hash

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/9d/75/9d753867-0306-49ea-b44b-f8e19533da94.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Next, go back to the console and do the same for EVM. A wallet to which you can always send tokens:\
`0x17CCDfc7Da0273fcd6e89E1a46E89EE9DbC2B800`

Then we open the transaction history again, copy the Hash and paste it into testpad for verification

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/a9/f7/a9f7a814-0de2-46dd-a10b-08241caace23.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Now we are performing a multi send 1 task

<figure><img src="https://img3.teletype.in/files/63/38/63389ec4-0470-4d7f-a47f-4a94b57079dd.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Enter the wallets, the amount and send it.\
`mx1zlxdl376qfele4hgncdyd6y7a8du9wqqak47k3`

`mx14ys8msj28zl20ng3k0yqq04phfrc9hyssyazen`

Copy the hash of the transaction and send it for verification

Next, Multisend 2 task

We do everything the same as in multisend 1, but select different coins.

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/c8/91/c891844c-9e1d-40fb-935c-fa04c102c587.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send, copy the hash and check it.

Now the most important part is to delegate tokens to the validator

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/5b/fa/5bfaa265-d480-410a-8907-2ced8648a83b.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

In the console, go to the Staking tab

<figure><img src="https://img1.teletype.in/files/c8/cd/c8cd43f0-0eec-46b6-9a33-a044ae7e6b3f.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Press Bond

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/76/42/7642bf0a-0163-4af0-98e0-706b39144a8e.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

We are looking for "BonyNode[💚](https://bonynode.online/)" in the list of validators

We enter the number of tokens that we will send to the Stake and confirm.

It is advisable to delegate every day so that your tokens do not lie idle

Copy the Hash of the transaction and send it for verification.

And the last task is Send Foundation token (XFT)\
Importing the token into metamask\
Contract address: `0xdb5c548684221ce2f55f16456ec5cf43a028d8e9`

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/b7/d7/b7d7f9c3-af45-4b30-bbd9-6f430d06e904.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send tokens to any address\
My wallet: `0x17CCDfc7Da0273fcd6e89E1a46E89EE9DbC2B800`

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/d1/18/d118dcda-12b4-4204-9c0d-fe0f4ff086e0.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Go to the transaction history and copy the hash of the transaction

<figure><img src="https://img2.teletype.in/files/d4/a6/d4a6f709-e110-426c-bec0-a3980dae9315.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

<figure><img src="https://img4.teletype.in/files/38/45/3845fa3d-d5e7-4bab-9b19-72bdbfcb1ab0.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

Send it for verification. Ready!
